Speak there guys, beauty.
I came back with another 1 and saw the third and saw
there it consumes recreational technology and
people will see today how the
centaur
we will see the new edition there of
672 magazine right
The theme of it is the animals can
guess the future so focus on it
and we come to the main theme that
are more evident and to buy
magazine you're going to have a dog crisis
has a funeral cat the story of a
hour right
So that's what comes from the cup that is the
more interesting is that everyone
the universe knows this people
won who wins in the cup and now see
Here are some other things you can do here.
build it, you do it yourself and here
have paper fun
Look how nice it got my attention.
paper picachu came very mass that is
just password there on the recreation site you
underneath today the drawings are not
there you will see a tutorial there
for you to go assembling your paper box
it's time
I also have seven errors here
the drawings that the child sends in
court and power cord , and now we
will see how to mount the right centaur
Good. Let's first get this one.
then we put it open a
Bit here April
then pick it up with this little fingernail
on here
one minute
after succeeding
Ready now, see if we can
do the other
I do not think you even need this detail.
the hand is not
It's a very small hand or just
to leave as an ornament even a
very little hand to own
it is almost complete at the time
columns in that way
There it is now, you just take the arms
forgiveness is to open another one opens
one automatically try to take these
Here you go, I got the first
clothes
I'm going to get people with her mother
Mom noticed good luck, let her here pick up the
Another here we can get the other one here.
only a lot of camera put the
That's the hardest part of him.
favorite video to help
video posting
this helps a lot the channel subscribe
on the channel to know when it will
next plane one from the other toy
still praises certain and the next will be
very cool and the theme of the magazine 10 683
672 here are the young people who would have
passed by here so there are some things
pretty cool
I 'll just talk in a new video if
sign up to know
That's when I'm going to put that video there.
of the phoenix is ​​certain however the next
champions ao i